describe how complex the examples are: number of functions

get scala versions of eqbench tests from Dragana
need to compare with Stainless, this is the main thing to compare with

conclusions, quote runtime comparison with stainless

Evaluation.
Evaluation section is missing an opening, two short sentences before the first section
compare runtimes with stainless, use timeout of 1 second for stainless

Introduction
"program verifiers are being developed to help developers write proofs of program equivalence, including Danfy and KeY."
Dafny and KeY are general-purpose verifiers, they were not developed for proving program equivalence

Background
2.1 Literature Review is missing an opening paragraph
"An example of this process is demonstrated below [4]" does this citation mean that this example is taken from [4]? why don't you say that explicitly?
2.1.4 KLEE explain how is this related to your project
I would consider splitting subsections 2.1 and 2.2 into two top-level chapters

Technical Audit.
in Table 2.1, could you add pointers to subsections?
is 2.2.1 also a type of challenge? if yes why is it not in the table
2.2.3 "To prove their equivalence, the user must write the following equivalence lemma:" -> In Dafny, to prove their equivalence, ... (because in Stainless or EquiDafny this is generated automatically)
2.2.7 it might be better to move Proving Equivalence of Imperative Methods using Product Programs and Equivalence of Methods and Functions elsewhere, since you do not address this in EquiDafny, and currently 2.2.7 is taking more space than other challenges that you do address
2.2.8 "Dafny is able to prove the equivalence of some higher-order functions, but not all." this is true in general, not specific to higher-order functions
-2.2 is missing a concluding paragraph, point the reader to how and where you will address the challenges

Design.
3.2 say that the 2 challenges that you do not address are out of scope
say how did you select what to address and what not?
"I will describe how EquiDafny attempts to remove most of these challenges." you mean EquiDafny that you presented so far (that is, Function Merging), or are you now presenting some more design (I think more design?)
Technical Details this section comes as a surprise out of nowhere, I need more context

check design worked example "->" is formatted correctly

